well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
a video I saw and a message that
accompanied it the video was a young man
in a kitchen looks like Thanksgiving
dinner and he's trying to open a can
he's got a can opener don't know how to
use it yeah that's a problem we'll fix
that tonight I'll show everybody how to
use a can opener the message that
accompanied that was it had
we can't trust young people to vote
because they don't know how to use a can
opener we're gonna talk about that
message too okay so got my can opener
got a can of Campbell's well that's pop
top crazy chef boyardee pop top Hormel
pop top dull pop top man it seems like
the major brands don't I mean Walmart
pop top crazy these are all out of my
pantry I was able to find one so to show
everybody this all-important skill that
is still very very needed today
you got it you just clamp it right there
and if you can hold it press down as
hard as you can turn the wheel that's it
you know so do it this way that's all
there is to it willing to bet that uh I
explained that to you in less time than
it would take you to explain to your
parents how to get on this Court so now
that that major issue is solved let's
talk about that other message the
message that went along with it
can't trust young people to vote see
maybe I didn't see the same thing that
everybody else saw in that video because
I saw a young man using something he
obviously didn't know how to use not
giving up while his entire family well
after him the elders who were supposed
to guide him
and recorded a video to put on the
Internet so other people could laugh at
him but he didn't stop and the idea is
that we should let those elders vote
because they know what's going on those
would be the people to make the wise
decisions those will be the people to
guide us into the future because they
care about the future they've obviously
shown that by making sure that their kid
has a pretty basic skill for us for our
age wait I guess they didn't do that but
those are the people we want taking care
of us guiding us into the future don't
listen to those young people who would
not give up even though they didn't
understand something let's listen to the
people who will laugh and record a video
because they don't understand what they
did
I I don't know why there's this
fascination with blaming young people
understand that any of their failings
are our fault and I don't know that this
is a failing most people today have an
automatic can opener and even then most
of the brands you don't need it anymore
but I mean I guess it's cool to make fun
of a teenager
we might should lay off the kids because
at the end of the day whether or not
they open that can doesn't matter
they'll figure it out and they will do
it while those people who are supposed
to guide them laugh and record them so
other people can laugh
anyway it's just a fall y'all have a
good night